Hpc for education (#602)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/accounts/vsc_account.rst

         as described above.

      *  Lecturers of KU Leuven and UHasselt that need HPC access for giving
         their courses can request support (with student accounts, credits, storage,
         resources, etc.). The procedure is elaborated as part of our 

>          the :ref:`HPC support for education <hpc for education>`.

Reviewer: More concise + typo fixes:
```suggestion
         their courses are encouraged to :ref:`request support for obtaining VSC accounts,
         Slurm credits and compute and storage resources <hpc for education>`.
```
